How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It allwoed me to see what had been added and deleted from the file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can more easily see when a feature was changed or replaced OR see the intent of the feature

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    You can choose the save points versus maybe not saving enough and losing work.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   When you are doing large projects, saving one by one would take forever.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   Not sure?

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

   If you break something you can always roll back.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    CLASS

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

you can track your progress, you can search to see if you have worked on something similar before.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
You have to be responsible for choosing the right time to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because google doesn't have repositories and doesn't treat t like a collection of files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
You can use them to view the difference by counting the number of lines between the different commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
You can always revert back or try something new

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
My java projects
